Update Kubeflow Installation with Standalone Mode (#3724)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/started/introduction.md

of the ML lifecycle. These standalone components are designed to be usable both within the Kubeflow
Platform and independently. These components can be installed standalone on a Kubernetes cluster,
providing flexibility to users who may not require the full Kubeflow Platform capabilities but
wish to leverage specific ML functionalities.

## What is Kubeflow Platform

The Kubeflow Platform refers to the full suite of Kubeflow components bundled together with
additional integration and management tools. Using Kubeflow as a platform means deploying a
comprehensive ML toolkit fot the entire ML lifecycle. This includes the standalone components
coupled with these integrations and management tools:

- [**Central Dashboard**](/docs/components/central-dash/overview/) for easy navigation and management.

- Multi-user capabilities and access management with [Kubeflow Profiles](/docs/components/central-dash/profiles/).

- Additional tooling for data management (PVC Viewer), visualization (TensorBoards), and more.

The Kubeflow Platform can be installed via
[Packaged Distributions](/docs/started/installing-kubeflow/#packaged-distributions) or

> [Raw Manifests](/docs/started/installing-kubeflow/#raw-manifests).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Kustomize Manifests](/docs/started/installing-kubeflow/#raw-manifests).
```

> [Raw Manifests](/docs/started/installing-kubeflow/#raw-manifests).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Kustomize Manifests](/docs/started/installing-kubeflow/#kustomize-manifests).
```

weight = 1
+++

## What is Kubeflow ?

Kubeflow is a community and ecosystem of open-source projects to address each stage in the
machine learning (ML) lifecycle. It makes ML on Kubernetes simple, portable, and scalable.

> Its goal is to facilitate the orchestration of Kubernetes workloads for ML and to empower users to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The goal is to facilitate the orchestration of Kubernetes ML workloads and to empower users to
```

Author: Does it sound good @StefanoFioravanzo ?
The Kubeflow goal is to facilitate the orchestration of Kubernetes ML workloads and to empower users
to deploy best-in-class open-source systems for ML to diverse cloud infrastructures.

Reviewer 2: Just rephrase the first part: `The goals of Kubeflow` or just `The goal`, otherwise it sounds weird.

> deploy best-in-class open-source systems for ML to diverse cloud infrastructures.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
deploy best-in-class open-source systems to any Cloud infrastructure.
```

Whether you’re a researcher, data scientist, ML engineer, or a team of developers, Kubeflow offers
modular and scalable tools that cater to all aspects of the ML lifecycle: from building ML models to
deploying them to production for AI applications.

## What are Kubeflow Standalone Components?

Kubeflow is composed of multiple, independent open-source projects which address different aspects
of a ML lifecycle. These standalone components are designed to be usable both within the Kubeflow

> Platform and independently. These components can be installed on their own on a Kubernetes cluster,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Platform and independently. These components can be installed independently on a Kubernetes cluster,
```

providing flexibility to users who may not require the full capabilities of Kubeflow Platform but

> wish to leverage specific functionalities in the ML lifecycle.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
wish to leverage specific functionalities.
```

Author: @StefanoFioravanzo What do you think about this ?
"""
but wish to leverage specific ML functionalities.
"""

## What is Kubeflow Platform ?

The Kubeflow Platform refers to the full suite of Kubeflow components bundled together with
additional integration and management tools. Installing Kubeflow as a platform means deploying a
comprehensive ML toolkit that integrates these components into a cohesive system, optimized for

> managing the end-to-end ML lifecycle. These includes not only the standalone components but also:

Reviewer 3: suggested change - This includes the standalone components coupled with these integrations and management tools:

- Central Dashboard for easy navigation and management.
- Multi-user capabilities and access management.

> - Additional tooling and services for data management, visualization, and more.

Reviewer 2: Why not mentioning that we also deploy integrated third-party components such as KServe?

Author: @StefanoFioravanzo we discussed with @kubeflow/kubeflow-steering-committee that we want to include KServe in the components table in the installation guide given the history behind KServe/KFServing. Other contrib components don't have the same history.
Also, we keep KServe as part of [Core Kubeflow Components](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/started/architecture/#conceptual-overview) in our docs.

If you want to say that users can deploy other contrib components in Kubeflow Platform like Ray, BentoML, Seldon, I can add it here.
FYI, we don't include these contrib components [in the example installation](https://github.com/kubeflow/manifests/blob/master/example/kustomization.yaml) in Raw Manifests.

Reviewer 2: Sounds good! Let's keep the list as-is then

weight = 1
+++

> ## What is Kubeflow ?

Author: I just removed all question marks from headers, does it look better ?

> ## What is Kubeflow ?

Reviewer 4: I think having question marks makes it easier to read.

But also, the issue is not the question marks, it was the space between them, which results in the anchor link having a `-` at the end.

> ## What is Kubeflow ?

Author: I think we discussed with @StefanoFioravanzo and @hbelmiro before that it is not necessary to add question marks to the doc headers.

> ## What is Kubeflow ?

Reviewer 4: We use question marks in many other places around the website, having them makes the fact its a question much more clear:

- https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/central-dash/overview/#what-is-the-kubeflow-central-dashboard
- https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/notebooks/overview/#what-is-kubeflow-notebooks
- https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/pipelines/v2/introduction/#why-kubeflow-pipelines
- https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/katib/overview/#what-is-katib-
- https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/model-registry/overview/#what-is-model-registry
- https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/training/overview/#what-is-training-operator-

Kubeflow is a community and ecosystem of open-source projects to address each stage in the
machine learning (ML) lifecycle. It makes ML on Kubernetes simple, portable, and scalable.
The goal of Kubeflow is to facilitate the orchestration of Kubernetes ML workloads and to empower

> users to deploy best-in-class open-source systems to any Cloud infrastructure.

Author: That are not only `our` tools, e.g. PyTorch, TensorFlow, Jax, and other ML open source tools that we leverage.
I will rename systems to tools.

> users to deploy best-in-class open-source systems to any Cloud infrastructure.

Reviewer 4: That's fine.

But the most important chang is adding a newline after `Cloud infrastructure.` it's much easier to read as two paragraphs.

Whether you’re a researcher, data scientist, ML engineer, or a team of developers, Kubeflow offers
modular and scalable tools that cater to all aspects of the ML lifecycle: from building ML models to
deploying them to production for AI applications.

## What are Kubeflow Standalone Components?

Kubeflow is composed of multiple, independent open-source projects which address different aspects
of a ML lifecycle. These standalone components are designed to be usable both within the Kubeflow
Platform and independently. These components can be installed independently on a Kubernetes cluster,
providing flexibility to users who may not require the full capabilities of Kubeflow Platform but

> wish to leverage specific ML functionalities.

Author: >Most components may be used both within the Kubeflow Platform or independently. 

Why do we need this sentence ? In this paragraph we are clearly speaking only about Kubeflow Standalone Components.

> wish to leverage specific ML functionalities.

Reviewer 4: In my mind, the first sentence is talking about "all" components, including the ones that can't be used standalone, like Dashboard and Notebooks, and the following sentences are trying to introduce the concept of "standalone" components.

How about this alternative:

```
Kubeflow is composed of multiple open-source projects that address different aspects of the ML lifecycle. 
Many of these components can be installed standalone on a Kubernetes cluster without the rest of the Kubeflow platform. 
This provides flexibility to users who may not require the full platform but wish to leverage specific ML functionalities.
```

> wish to leverage specific ML functionalities.

Author: What do you think about this @thesuperzapper @StefanoFioravanzo @hbelmiro ?
```
Kubeflow ecosystem is composed of multiple open-source projects that address different aspects of
the ML lifecycle. Many of these Kubeflow projects are designed to be usable both within the
Kubeflow Platform and independently.

These Kubeflow components can be installed standalone on a Kubernetes cluster. It provides
flexibility to users who may not require the full Kubeflow Platform capabilities but wish to
leverage specific ML functionalities such as model training or model serving.
```

> wish to leverage specific ML functionalities.

Reviewer 4: @andreyvelich if we change `"Kubeflow ecosystem"` to `"The Kubeflow ecosystem"`, and remove the unnecessary paragraph break, that proposal is fine.

## What is Kubeflow Platform ?

The Kubeflow Platform refers to the full suite of Kubeflow components bundled together with
additional integration and management tools. Installing Kubeflow as a platform means deploying a
comprehensive ML toolkit that integrates these components into a cohesive system, optimized for
managing the end-to-end ML lifecycle. This includes the standalone components coupled with these

> integrations and management tools:

Author: Updated this.

- Central Dashboard for easy navigation and management.
- Multi-user capabilities and access management.

> - Additional tooling and services for data management, visualization, and more.

Author: Updated it, please take a look. Do we need to include Kubeflow Notebooks here as well @kubeflow/wg-notebooks-leads ?

> - Additional tooling and services for data management, visualization, and more.

Reviewer 4: @andreyvelich we definitely need to include notebooks, it's one of the main reasons people use the "Kubeflow Platform" and is not available standalone.

Also, it is cleaner to combine the profiles/dashboard into one bullet once we have all three

```md
- [__Central Dashboard__](/docs/components/central-dash/overview/) for easy navigation and management, with [profiles](/docs/components/central-dash/profiles/) for access control.
- [__Kubeflow Notebooks__](/docs/components/notebooks/overview/) for interactive data exploration and model development.
- Additional tooling for data management (PVC Viewer), visualization (TensorBoards), and more.
```

PS: don't put extra newlines between bullet points, it makes the formatting weird.

> This integrated environment ensures that all the different pieces work together seamlessly,
> providing a more robust and streamlined user experience.

Reviewer 4: I think we don't need this extra paragraph, or if we keep it, it needs to be less "flowery":

```suggestion
```

Author: Ok, removed for now.

> Kubeflow Platform can be installed via
> [Packaged Distributions](/docs/started/installing-kubeflow/#install-kubeflow-platform-from-packaged-distributions) or
> [Raw Manifests](/docs/started/installing-kubeflow/#install-kubeflow-platform-from-raw-manifests).

Reviewer 4: If we rename the headings on the other page, the links need to change:

```suggestion
The Kubeflow Platform can be installed via
[Packaged Distributions](/docs/started/installing-kubeflow/#packaged-distributions) or
[Raw Manifests](/docs/started/installing-kubeflow/#raw-manifests).
```

The goal of Kubeflow is to facilitate the orchestration of Kubernetes ML workloads and to empower
users to deploy best-in-class open-source tools on any Cloud infrastructure.

Whether you’re a researcher, data scientist, ML engineer, or a team of developers, Kubeflow offers
modular and scalable tools that cater to all aspects of the ML lifecycle: from building ML models to
deploying them to production for AI applications.

## What are Kubeflow Standalone Components

Kubeflow ecosystem is composed of multiple open-source projects that address different aspects of
the ML lifecycle. Many of these projects are designed to be usable both within the
Kubeflow Platform and independently.

These Kubeflow components can be installed standalone on a Kubernetes cluster. It provides
flexibility to users who may not require the full Kubeflow Platform capabilities but wish to
leverage specific ML functionalities such as model training or model serving.

## What is Kubeflow Platform

The Kubeflow Platform refers to the full suite of Kubeflow components bundled together with
additional integration and management tools. Using Kubeflow as a platform means deploying a

> comprehensive ML toolkit fot the entire ML lifecycle. This includes the standalone components
> coupled with these integrations and management tools:

Reviewer 4: A newline before the list makes this easier to read.

There is also a typo `fot` rather than `for`.

Also, I think `In addition to the standalone components, the Kubeflow Platform includes:` is a slightly easier-to-read intro.

```suggestion
comprehensive ML toolkit for the entire ML lifecycle. 

In addition to the standalone components, the Kubeflow Platform includes:
```
